to the heavy which we go straightaway
Eddie stifle Rob Raymond stunning a six
foot five inches six foot five ladies
and gentlemen
that's when she wants Tove
or where we go chuckle me mañana después
de la lucha I see care I'll just put it
on who Joe
mahoto says I'm gonna make my opponents
head this size I'm gonna shrink his head
reputed to be a ferocious witch doctor
Columbia he certainly looks the part
they nicknamed him the omen straighten
we go ahead lock their back
into a bar camera both these men went
over 20 stone but I'd venture to say
that Stein block is in the better
condition of the tool he's certainly the
younger
it's a collab i stein blog
on this french town love it there's a
big German in the black red and gold
colors of his come see oh there's a good
headscissors there well coming from a 21
stone man that was some move let's have
a look at it again 21 stone it is a
headscissors other half pulses man down
light pressure to trehalose throw
and the crowd really loved it
really looks the part of a witch doctor
this is another night another man I
wouldn't like to meet on a cold dark
night
nice rava Colombia jungle
but a big money's very very faster good
dropkick there
goes to Columbia but not out to stay
in round the rain like a man great on
the jungle
we'll be aggressive from Bremen hailing
closed out on the negro
the size takes foot five Eddie Stine
blow
know what they say about an age of those
head being hotter than a white man
ouch that
I'm not in trouble here is reeling from
these headbutts oh but the referee but
no reason at all but no reason at all in
the referee there was no need to that no
need for that the referees old and the
referees calling it into it
they could only be one result and that
is India hard Oh ha speed disqualify yes
that's right it's got to be there was
absolutely no need for that he had Eddie
start off in trouble for some reason
look at this
Down Goes the referee totally at Leslie
now that is variance he is Peter Peter
William bye